=== 0.1.0 / 2013-01-21

* Initial release:

=== 0.1.1 / 2013-02-03

Updated to use hashmake 0.1.1 gem.

=== 0.1.2 / 2013-02-04

* Update project files, including:
** Removing README.md so that YARD can run without needing the redcarpet gem.
** Removing unnecessary lines from .gitignore
** Remove specific hashmake version in hashmake.gemspec

=== 0.1.3 / 2013-02-06

Replace messages and message ports with more specific ports, like value ports and command ports, and use a base InPort and OutPort to share code for linking ports.
Each kind of port can only connect to its opposite (e.g. SignaInPort to SignalOutPort).
Instead of different messages for different actions, each kind of port will just have specific methods (e.g. SignalInPort#enqueue_values or ValueInPort#set_value).
In Block, contain all InPort objects in @in_ports, and all OutPort objects in @out_ports.

=== 0.1.4 / 2013-02-06

CommandInPort only requires :command_map instead of :list_commands_handler and :exec_command_handler. The command map is just a hash that maps command names to their execution handlers.

=== 0.1.5 / 2013-02-18

Update for use with hashmake-0.1.5 gem.
Add storage classes: NetworkState, BlockState, LinkState, and PortLocater. These are for persisting a network without relying on non-SPNet objects, which may not be serializable.
Add limiter classes: RangeLimiter, UpperLimiter, LowerLimiter, EnumLimiter, and NoLimiter. A given limiter object will be used in a ParamInPort to limit an incoming value. The default NoLimiter object does nothing.
Remove @sample_rate_port from Block class. This means blocks can't change sample rate after initialization.
Every block is given just one parameter: a Hash containing the :sample_rate key. Block instances expect to recieve this key in #initialize.

=== 0.1.6 / 2013-02-18

Change port_params to params.
Only export params that have changed from initialization.
Remove @name from Network class.

=== 0.1.8 / 2013-07-03

Update for compatibility with hashmake-0.2.0.